rewrite docker tutorial (#51)
Knotx/knotx-example-project: distribution/docker/README.md

> [![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/knotx/Knotx/_apis/build/status/Knotx.knotx-starter-kit?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/knotx/Knotx/_build/latest?definitionId=3&branchName=master)

Reviewer: Please clean this file. It should contain details about:
- how to build
- how to run
- what is the expected result
- link to the tutorial
- references

Author: ✔️ done

# Getting started with Docker example
This project is a result of completing [Getting started with Docker](http://knotx.io/tutorials/getting-started-with-docker/2_0/) tutorial.

This example is built using the [Starter Kit](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit) template project.

## How to build & run
    
```
$> ./gradlew build-docker
```

> The [build-docker](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit#build--validate-docker-image) task comes from Starter Kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [build-docker](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit#build--validate-docker-image) task builds and validates the custom project Docker image.
```

Author: done

Then, start Docker container:
```
docker run -p8092:8092 knotx/knotx-docker-tutorial
```

> and validate urls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and validate url:
```

Author: done

- [localhost:8092/api/hello](http://localhost:8092/api/hello)

## What is the delta between [Starter Kit](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit)?

- `hellohandler` module that handles our requests under `/api/hello` and prints a Hello World message
- `health-check` module is modified to rely on `/api/hello`
- `functional` tests also rely on `/api/hello` 

> - Example APIs have been removed to simplify the code (**not covered in tutorial**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- this code was cleaned from unnecessary example modules and configurations (**not covered in tutorial**)
```

Author: done

# Getting started with Docker example
This project is a result of completing [Getting started with Docker](http://knotx.io/tutorials/getting-started-with-docker/2_0/) tutorial.

> 

Reviewer: I would add:
`This example is built using the [Starter Kit](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit) template project.`

## How to build & run
    
```
$> ./gradlew build-docker
```

> to:

Reviewer: Now you can remove all points here. They are copied from the link above.

- build all your custom Knot.x modules
- prepare your custom Docker image with all required dependencies (including your custom modules and 
its transitive dependencies) and configs
- **validate your Docker image with system tests**

Then, start Docker container:
```
docker run -p8092:8092 knotx/knotx-docker-tutorial
```

and validate urls:
- [localhost:8092/api/hello](http://localhost:8092/api/hello)

> ## What is the delta between  starter-kit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is the delta between [Starter Kit](https://github.com/Knotx/knotx-starter-kit)?
```

- `hellohandler` module that handles our requests under `/api/hello` and prints a Hello World message
- Example APIs have been removed to simplify the code (**not covered in tutorial**)

> - `health-check` module is modified to rely on `/api/hello` instead of our example APIs which have been removed (**not covered in tutorial**)

Author: I'll update it
